cli - fix broken link (#4601)
tinacms/tinacms: .changeset/proud-tables-clap.md

---
"@tinacms/cli": patch
---

> cli - fix broken link to do with client variables not being configured properly. (Link to https://tina.io/docs/tina-cloud/deployment-options/vercel/) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cli - fix broken link to do with client variables not being configured properly. (Link to https://tina.io/docs/tina-cloud/overview/) 
```

> cli - fix broken link to do with client variables not being configured properly. (Link to https://tina.io/docs/tina-cloud/deployment-options/vercel/) 

Reviewer 2: **issue**: Link out-of-date.
